Could it be that the death of the Marquis of Junlin is related to your Ye family?
Xiao Jielin, it's okay if you pretend to be the Marquis of Junlin
How dare you forget my Ye family?
Do you not want to live?
Miss Ye
It's him. How dare he pretend to be King's Landing Roar?
Hurry up and clean him up for me
That's right, Miss Ye is making the decision for us?
Where did the local dog come from?
Go away
Elf, you're talking about me here
What crime
You are enough
Xiao Junlin was born in Zheng Meijun
The Lord of King's Landing has always been his idol
He had just set his heart on imitating the Lord's Landing
Am I right?
King's Landing
Ye Yufei
Is it him imitating Xiao Junlin now?
Now it's his forgetting about my Ye family
Grandma Kui is still a thousand miles away, let me congratulate you
IF
Let grandma know that Xiao Junlin is such a person
He must not be pissed off.
Yufei will celebrate grandma's 80th birthday the day after tomorrow.
You can't go back
Miss grandma treated you best since childhood
You must go back, but
Junning, do you dare to go back with me to see grandma?
What am I afraid of?
He is the eldest man of the Ye family
Exactly three years ago
I have to ask him something.
Then my grandmother is fierce
What should I do?
Are you crazy?
Such a shameful thing
You have to take her back
You're not afraid of making jokes
King's Landing, promise me
When you see the family
Be polite.
Ok ok
You go back first, I have to make a call
Who wants to go with you?
What should Miss Ye and Wang Bayi do?
Continue what I just asked you to do